Cleanup How You Can Help! (#3641)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/How_You_Can_Help!/en.md

> <!-- TODO: tons of things to add here. might be related to Projects articl -->

Reviewer: One last thing here, I don't think this is intended.

Author: Yeah, my bad. I sometimes highlight stuff by accident

# How you can help!

osu! has a very vibrant community composed of people from all around the world. And anyone can be a part of the community in their own way! 

> And there are many ways you can help out in the community:

Reviewer: Short-handing this makes the tone of this very vague and you seem to imply these are the *only* areas you can help out.

Author: Yeah you're right; I'll reword it someone tomorrow afternoon.

If you are a newcomer to the osu! wiki, you can read more about it in the [osu! wiki Contribution Guide](/wiki/osu!_wiki_Contribution_Guide).

## Help keep osu! friendly and safe

In order to keep the official community hubs safe, osu! has a dedicated moderation team that monitors the forums and online chats around-the-clock. 

Fortunately, it is still easy for you to help keep everything safe here. If you want to help, you can…

- Follow your favourite channels in the [osu! in-game chat](/wiki/Chat_Console), or in the forums.
- If you see something happening that you think is inappropriate or disturbing in any way, use [the `!report` command](/wiki/Reporting_Bad_Behaviour) in the in-game chat to notify the moderators of it.

## Help other community members

If you encounter someone who has an issue with the game, lend them a hand! Whether it is a driver issue, a beatmap question, or gameplay questions, if you can answer it, you help the person in solving their problem.

> To begin lending people a hand, you can try…

Reviewer: I personally don't like this correction, you could go with
```suggestion
if you want to lend people a hand, you can try…
```

Author: Yeah, that goes more nicely. I like it! I'll apply it tomorrow.

## Contribute to the future of osu!

Started in 2017, the osu!lazer project is the current focus of the osu! team, along with the new website, which is what you see today! <!-- I personally don't like this line: it's oddly short and doesn't really finish what it started. But I don't really know what else to put here. Maybe a link to a page explaining what osu!lazer is at the very least. If any of you guys have ideas, please tell me. -toaster -->

If you would like to help make these projects even better and bring us closer to the future of osu!, then please consider…

- Helping with the [osu!lazer](https://github.com/ppy/osu) project. There is so much to implement on the new version of osu!, and you can help make it happen!
- Make the [new website](https://github.com/ppy/osu-web) even better.

## Avoid being negative! Make people happy!

There is an old saying that you should become part of the solution, not the problem. Simply by following this old saying, you'd be helping osu! by making the community a brighter place. People will always complain, but there are still so many ways you can help lighten up the mood in the community:

> - Be friendly to each other; life is too short to argue.

Reviewer: This is based on peppy's original statement, I don't know if this has the same effect as the original.

Author: The only change I made was switching the period to a semicolon because the two clauses are closer than a period would suggest.

But I can't tell if that change deleted the other stuff (I'm on mobile atm). If that's what you're referring to, then yeah, I'll keep the original text.

- [Report cheaters when you see them](/wiki/Reporting_Bad_Behaviour/Handling_Foul_Play). Please do not complain about them through other mediums; a simple `!report <username> seems to be cheating` can fix your problems much quicker.
- Go out-of-your-way to mediate negative situations and turn them into positive outcomes.

> While this article cannot cover how much more you can help the osu! community, simply playing the game as well can make osu! even more awesome! Good luck out there!

Reviewer: This looks rather unnecessary.

Author: Just a little cherry-on-top. Personally, I think it's nice, but if people don't like it, I'll remove it.

Reviewer: The concluding sentence is enough as it is IIRC
